Hive Docs x Nextra 4 (#6089)
kamilkisiela/graphql-hive: packages/web/docs/src/app/product-updates/(with-blog-header)/(2024)/2024-02-06-schema-contracts-for-federation/page.mdx

authors: [laurin]
---

> We added support schema contracts for Federation projects. This was highly a requested feature.

Author: ```suggestion
We added Schema Contract support for [GraphQL Federation](/federation) projects. This was highly a requested feature.
```

Author: This link disappeared in a merge conflict.
